Updare panther_bringup readme (#162)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_bringup/README.md

Reviewer: - Missing `robot_description` launch argument.
- I'm a bit confused about adding additional lines between elements when listing them. It may have some sense for nodes but for launch arguments it seems too much. Especially that for other packages listing is done without additional spacing
- sometimes there are multiple empy lines

Author: I removed the new lines and reverted `robot_description`. Empty lines helped me while reading and correcting it, but you are right. They are a bit confusing

- `wheel_config_file` [*string*, default=**$(find panther_description)/config/WH01.yaml**]: path to YAML file with wheel specification. Arguments become required if `wheel_type` is set to **custom**.

- `wheel_type` [*string*, default=**WH01**]: type of wheel, possible are: **WH01** - offroad, **WH02** - mecanum, **WH04** - small pneumatic, and **custom** - custom wheel types (requires setting `wheel_config_file` argument accordingly).

## Expected launch behavior

If the environment variable `PANTHER_HW_CONFIG_CORRECT` is set to `true` robot will normally start. If it is set to `false` all ROS nodes will be prevented from starting. In such case a welcome message will be displayed, followed by a warning:
```
[ERROR] [0.0]: [/welcome_msg_node] OS detected incorrect hardware. ROS nodes are prevented from starting!
[ERROR] [0:0]: [/welcome_msg_node] Refer to instructions in manual or those shown on terminal login.

> ```

Reviewer: Can't write it as a suggestion but I would add line before and after this and also  "```bash"

Author: Adding it as bash will add strange coloring

`welcome_msg_node` is a required node. Setting `exit_on_wrong_hw` will cause it to stop spinning in the case of `PANTHER_HW_CONFIG_CORRECT` not being equal to `true`. This will result in the entire launch file being stopped. If stopping whole roslaunch behavior is not desired (running within Docker container), setting `exit_on_wrong_hw` to `false` will result in expected behavior while preventing launching ROS nodes in a potentially harmful way. 

## ROS Nodes

### welcome_msg_node.py

Displays user-friendly welcome message:
```
 ____             _   _               
|  _ \ __ _ _ __ | |_| |__   ___ _ __ 
| |_) / _` | '_ \| __| '_ \ / _ \ '__|
|  __/ (_| | | | | |_| | | |  __/ |   
|_|   \__,_|_| |_|\__|_| |_|\___|_|   

Serial number: ----
Robot version: 1.0
ROS driver version: 1.1.0
Website: https://husarion.com
Support: https://community.husarion.com/
Bugtracker: https://github.com/husarion/panther_ros/issues

> ```

Reviewer: same as above

Author: Here as well. This will add strange coloring. This is terminal output and bash is coloring of input commands

> The serial number and robot version are changed according to the parameters of your real robot. In the case `PANTHER_HW_CONFIG_CORRECT` is not set to **"true"** or does not exist, it displays an error about incorrect hardware ofter the welcome message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The serial number and robot version are changed according to the parameters of your real robot. If the `PANTHER_HW_CONFIG_CORRECT` is not set to **"true"** or does not exist, an error indicating incorrect hardware will be displayed after the welcome message.
```

- `manager_bt_node` [*panther_manager/manager_bt_node*]: node responsible for managing the Husarion Panther robot. Incorporates a system for managing displayed LED panel animations, safety features, and software shutdown of components. For more information, refer to: [panther_manager](../panther_manager/README.md).
- `power_control_node` [<= 1.06 *panther_power_control/relays_node.py*, >= 1.20 *panther_power_control/power_board_node.py*]: node responsible for power management of the Husarion Panther robot. For more information, refer to: [panther_power_control](../panther_power_control/README.md).
- `robot_state_publisher` [*robot_state_publisher/robot_state_publisher*]: node publishing description and transformations of the Husarion Panther robot. For more information, refer to: [panther_description](../panther_description/README.md).
- `system_status_node` [*panther_manager/system_status_node.py*]: publishes information about the status of a Build-in Computer.
- `welcome_msg_node` [*panther_bringup/welcome_msg_node.py*]: user-friendly welcome message with basic information about the given robot.

> ## Bringup launch arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bringup launch arguments
```

- `test_animations` [*bool*, default=**false**]: enables service `/panther/lights/controller/set/image_animation` allowing to test animations based on provided images.
- `user_animations_file` [*string*, default=**None**]: optional parameter with path to YAML file with user-defined animations. 
- `use_ekf` [*bool*, default=**true**]: enable or disable Extended Kalman Filter. Keep in mind that parameters in [panther_common.yaml](./config/panther_common.yaml) and in [ekf_config.yaml](./config/ekf_config.yaml) are separate and are not affected by this parameter. Especially,ee parameters such as `publish_tf` and TF frames are separate for both nodes and have to be changed independently.
- `wheel_config_file` [*string*, default=**$(find panther_description)/config/WH01.yaml**]: path to YAML file with wheel specification. Arguments become required if `wheel_type` is set to **custom**.
- `wheel_type` [*string*, default=**WH01**]: type of wheel, possible are: **WH01** - offroad, **WH02** - mecanum, **WH04** - small pneumatic, and **custom** - custom wheel types (requires setting `wheel_config_file` argument accordingly).

> 
> 
> ## Expected launch behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Expected launch behavior
```
